# MiWi Mesh Demo Reference Application

The MiWi Mesh Demo application is based on the MiWi API. This application demonstrates the network and radio frequency performance of the hardware components. This application consists of embedded firmware, which supports functions for PAN coordinator, coordinator, end device. In the MiWi Mesh Demo, the nodes communicate based on a proprietary messaging protocol.

The end devices follow a duty cycle to transmit data to the coordinator.

-   RSSI indicates a link’s current condition and is measured in dBm. The RSSI resolution is 3 dBm.
-   LQI is a numeric parameter defined within the 0 to 255 range, is used to measure the link quality. Larger values mean to have a better link, while values close to zero indicate a poor connection.

The Network Freezer feature \(PDS\) is used to save or store critical network information into the non-volatile memory. By default, Network Freezer is enabled in MiWi Mesh Demo application.

When the device reboots, it restores the existing data from the non-volatile memory and continues to operate in the same network with existing network information.

By default, the Deep sleep feature can be enabled in the end device application. Both the MCU and transceiver are in sleep when the device is idle.

RTOS support is available with this Mesh Demo application.

-   **[Creating a Demo in MPLAB X IDE and MCC](GUID-DD8C9CA7-0098-46DB-90E4-076167455B0E.md)**  

-   **[MCC Configurations for MiWi Topologies](GUID-7C1892D2-1B15-442D-B7C8-6BE3C5CB1B72.md)**  

-   **[Launching the Demo](GUID-CE95E83A-CC2F-4DFE-863F-92875C5A760E.md)**  

-   **[Network Startup](GUID-BBF1FB17-3EB7-4311-A9EE-D5C23E8D67C8.md)**  


